Previously
on Ransom Canyon...
- Few dozen head missing. boss.
- Tell the boys to saddle up.
Which one of us is trying to
steal the other one's girlfriend?
- You should see yourself.
I figured you could
use a real bed.
I just bought me a
half-dozen big old fat Angus.
The boys I bought 'em
from say they know you.
- Stealing cattle. ripping off an old man.
- You left me no choice.
I get you 20K. and
y'all are gone.
That is a little
keepsake from Odin.
- Bull.
- So you rodeo.
- I used to dabble.
- The ever-mysterious Yancy Grey.
You want to start doing me favors?
Why don't you hit that chop shop?
My ranch is in dire
financial straits.
That's why I'm pushing
so hard on this pipeline.
- I don't come without a caveat.
- Neither do I.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
We should
go to New York.
Right now?
No. Next week.
- Next week?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
- Come on.
We could eat in shamefully
expensive restaurants.
make love in shamefully
expensive hotels.
maybe audition for
a local symphony.
I mean. I don't know.
I'm just... I'm just
spitballing here.
What do you think?
I think Santa Fe
sounds charming.
- That part of my life is in the past.
- Mm.
I want to keep it there.
Things are starting
to fall into place.
You know? Gracie's
is taking off.
- My soap is selling.
- Mm-hmm.
Soap.
- And then there's this guy.
- Oh.
Oh.
How's that coming?
Promising.
Mm.
Feels like the kind of thing
you don't walk away from.
♪ Oh. let me love Love.
love. love. love ♪
♪ Love. love you all the ways ♪
♪ Bleach blonde bottle blues
Baby's got a short fuse ♪
♪ Boom bombshell Raising
hell in white linen ♪
♪ She been everywhere. seen
everything Saw it on the big screen ♪
♪ Y'all got nothing on that ♪
♪ I said. "Ooh-ooh. child
What you gonna do?" ♪
♪ I said. "Ooh-ooh.
child What you got?" ♪
child What you gonna do ♪
♪ With them bleach
blond bottle blues?" ♪
♪ Oh. you gotta ride
at your own risk ♪
♪ You gotta ride
Well. this I did
not see coming. Huh!
Tell me. just between us girls. how
did you swing this. you and Davis?
I didn't swing
anything. Paula Jo.
- We're seeing each other.
- Ah.
- Want to know what I think?
- Not really. no.
I think my ex-husband's having
a bit of a midlife crisis.
I think he's second-guessing
himself. his choices.
He's trying something... new.
Well. this has been fun.
Mm.
Hey. I picked
up some breakfast.
Where are you headed
off to in such a hurry?
- Why don't you ask your ex-wife?
- My ex...
What did you say to Quinn?
Nothing.
Although she did see me naked.
And I think she was
a little intimidated.
Now. you mind telling
me where our son is?
Oh. come on. come on! Yes!
There's no way this guy
shows up on Saturday.
Ben's dad saw his name at our rodeo.
Tilden Hooper. I'm telling you.
- You guys feed the horses?
- Yes. sir.
What. school starts
at 10:00 now?
We figured we'd skip chem
to give you the good news.
- We found your missing cattle.
- Where?
- Tilden Hooper. Epic Ride. Houston.
- Beavis. Butt-Head.
Huh?
- Where are my cattle?
- Pasture Four. all six of them.
Hey.
Thank you.
And get your asses to school.
Dude. look at him go.
Stick around. Two-for-one
specials for anyone on this list.
- Thank you. ma'am.
- You're so welcome.
Are you hiding from
me. Yancy Grey?
No.
No. I. uh. actually
came here to see you.
Bullshit. You're
riding in the rodeo.
Uh. you know. I
was considering it.
Oh really? The All-Around?
Okay. I... I realize that
you rode back in the day.
but bareback. saddle
bronc. and bull riding?
- Worried about me?
- No. no. no.
Okay. this is serious. I've seen guys
not walk away from the All-Around.
I'm gonna be fine. I just
gotta get a little training in.
Three days ain't a lot of time.
No. it is not.
So Austin Water & Power just up
and gave you a seat on their board.
- How convenient.
- It's convenient for you. babe.
Don't call me that.
Fine.
Be boring.
Look. it's not the first time I
had to clean up one of your messes.
I've got it under
control. all right?
Like you have parenting
our son under control?
Or protecting his inheritance?
Or being faithful to anyone?
Face it. control isn't
exactly your strong suit.
You had your chance.
Now it's my turn. babe.
Okay. listen to me. P.
Cap will fold. It's
just a matter of time.
- And Staten...
- Staten is stonewalling you.
Yes. I know.
I have a plan that even Staten
Kirkland won't be able to fight.
- I appreciate the gesture. P. but...
- I'm not doing this for you.
I'm doing this for Reid. This
ranch is our son's legacy.
and I won't let you
run it to the ground.
Looks like Kirkland was right about
someone running his boy off the road.
Hey. keep your damn voice down.
We don't know anything for sure.
Something like this would
tear this town apart.
So what are you gonna do?
Some digging.
You think you would ever?
Dude. I would love to.
- But there's no way my dad would let me.
- Too tall.
- I'm too short for it.
- Okay.
- See you later. Have a good one.
- Take it easy.
Uh. wow. okay. So you and
Reid go on one cattle drive
and all of a sudden you're BFFs?
Yeah. I guess we bonded.
That's really amazing.
Yeah. right?
Yeah. no! Lucas. do
you not understand
how weird it is for me to
see the two of you together?
Yeah. Little bit of an idea.
- Okay. look. you know I have no choice.
- I get it.
Keeping up appearances
for your father.
but does that require
you to keep dating Reid?
Look.
You are all that matters to
me. You know that. right?
Then end it with Reid.
He's a good guy deep down.
He doesn't deserve this.
And neither do I.
What do you mean. naked?
Not a stitch of clothing. Just
standing there. staring at me.
If she's stripping down to jump in the
shower. then they're obviously still...
- Still hooking up? No.
- Yeah.
- No.
- Definitely.
Sorry. just thought you might
want an honest male perspective.
Once you've been there.
it's kinda fair game.
Charming.
Don't listen to him. Quinn.
He's a dead man walking.
- He signed up for the Rodeo All-Around.
- Thanks for your vote of confidence.
Sorry. I thought you might want
an honest female perspective.
Hey.
Can I get 12 shots of
Fireball and six Shiners?
- I'll ring 'em right up.
- Thanks.
It's been like this all day.
I gotta give it to you. El. Hosting
that stock draw was a great call.
Look. Davis is crazy about you.
You have nothing to worry about.
And Paula Jo's just being Paula Jo.
Exactly.
And despite all
her Paula Jo-ness.
he still got bored and left
her for that former Miss Texas.
And then left her for the
dental hygienist in Dallas.
- Oh my God. remember her? She had huge...
- Tits.
- Teeth.
- Teeth. yes.
Everyone has baggage. Quinn.
Men are slow learners.
Sometimes we have to make the
same mistake over and over
until the one woman
comes along that...
makes us want to be better.
What do you want?
Well. what I want is
a face like yours.
one of them buckle
bunnies and a hotel room.
But in lieu of that.
I guess I'll just
settle for checking up on
my favorite bull rider. Hmm?
You'll get your money. You
just worry about your end. huh?
Oh. you put 20 grand in my hand.
I'll be sipping piña coladas
in Key West by Wednesday.
But if you don't.
everybody in there is gonna
find out who you really are.
Mm-hmm.
Look at that.
It's you.
Oh God.
Paula Jo. What the hell
are you doing here?
Grief is looking good on you.
Staten. Reid said you'd be alone.
I hope you don't mind.
I brought an old friend.
- So Austin Water & Power. huh?
- Mm-hmm.
You always did know how to
seize a moment. Paula Jo.
- Which leads me to why I'm here.
- Answer's no.
Are we finished?
Not only have I been authorized
to double your offer.
I also got you an extension
on your leaseback.
Yeah. the answer's still no.
You'll say yes eventually.
They always do.
I bet old Hollis Fuller
won't be so hard to sway.
What. with his ranch
falling on hard times.
his son's gone. now his wife's
in a home with dementia.
Wow. Not a decent bone in
your body. you know that?
You'd know.
Can we please not
rehash that night?
Oh stop it. I am
talking about Reid.
Seriously. I really appreciate
you stepping up for him.
I wish he'd just move
to Austin with me.
but that boy has a love for
Ransom I never possessed.
You know how hard it is to get the
smell of horse shit out of Gucci?
Speaking of things that.
uh. don't smell right.
why is it that Quinn O'Grady
was in my ex-husband's
shower this morning?
See. that's what I thought.
In fact. I was surprised
it wasn't your shower.
You know. Amalah once told me
she always thought you
two would end up together.
Mm.
Mm. mm. mm.
But Quinn and Davis.
I don't see it. I don't
see it. I don't see it.
Do you?
I don't really give a damn.
Mm.
♪ I gotta fight to
keep the dream alive ♪
♪ Won't waste my
time getting bitter ♪
♪ Beat every
circumstance to prove ♪
♪ That I was born a winner ♪
♪ Took me forever
Pulled it together ♪
♪ Everybody had their doubts ♪
♪ But I'm back ♪
♪ And stronger than ever ♪
♪ Like a rebel. I'm back ♪
♪ Better never say never ♪
It's all your fault.
That's what I'll tell your mom if
you make us late for the rodeo.
- I do not want to be on her bad side.
- No. no. you don't. All right. I'm coming.
We are here
on a beautiful Texas afternoon
for the Tri-County PRCA
Championship Rodeo.
It's time to let loose
and have some fun. y'all.
Now let's give our flag carriers
a big round of applause. shall we?
Quinn. hey. I'm so
glad you came. I...
I thought you might
bail on me after...
After your ex-wife and
I saw each other naked?
- Right.
- Yeah.
About that. I. uh...
Here's the thing.
- So...
- It's all right. you can tell me later.
Just a few riders
left in the bareback pit.
I gotta tell you. this
is a mean competition.
Grey! You're after Hooper.
That's the
man to beat right there.
Tilden Hooper on...
- You look ready.
- Watch me. brother. I'm always ready.
♪ I'll get it done ♪
A huge
ride for Hooper.
Man to beat.
Come on!
Tilden Hooper.
your national champion.
showing them how it's done.
Hey. man. you think Tilden
will sign my program?
Cut it out. This is business.
- Who you boys got your money on?
- Oh. yo.
We got the inside on a ringer.
Should be paying off
big if he come through.
Yeah. if... if that
was legal. of course.
Yeah.
- Of course.
- Yeah.
Have a good one.
You are a goddamn
idiot. you know that?
Next up on One for
the Money is one of your own.
Yancy Grey out of Ransom Canyon.
Let's see what this
young man can do.
Feet.
Use your feet. kid.
Grey saves it.
Eighty-seven points!
- That puts him just behind Hooper.
- Ah.
That's how you do it.
- Not bad. huh?
- You were amazing.
Yeah.
No celebrating yet. Still
got two rides to go.
Well. it sounds like you're gonna
need a little luck to see it through.
♪ Think you should
warn somebody ♪
♪ 'Cause I got
lost in the fold ♪
♪ Was looking for somebody ♪
Even better than I imagined.
Oh. so you've been
imagining this?
Shut up.
♪ I got tied up and lost ♪
♪ In your mind
But the truth is ♪
♪ Ooh. it's always been
It's always been you ♪
Hey!
Next ride's for you.
♪ I can't pretend
Hard as I try to ♪
Wishing the boys good luck?
Just one.
Yeah. yeah. about that...
Can we not do this. Kai?
Look. Ellie. you
gotta ask yourself.
First. sheriff is picking him
up off the side of the road.
Next. he's glad-handing rich ranchers
and bringing shady friends to town?
Okay. first of all. I dragged
him to that fundraiser.
Second. those guys
aren't even his friends.
I get it. okay? I was
skeptical too. but I was wrong.
And so are you.
so can you just...
Just let it go. okay?
Please.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
Man. I never been to a rodeo in
the VIP before. Sure this is okay?
Of course it is. you're with me.
- Where the hell is Lauren?
- Hi.
- So your phone does work.
- Tim.
- Hell. are you dating Lauren now too?
- Wow. really?
I'm just breaking
the tension. baby.
Let's go sit over there.
I think it's gonna happen.
- What is?
- We got a Rodeo queen alum here.
They should be asking you to
come down and take some pictures.
And I'm happy to be your
arm candy. baby. Okay?
I'm going to the bathroom.
A little help here?
- What. you want me to shake it for you?
- Reid.
- Go.
- All right.
Okay. let's go.
What are you doing here?
Just hoping to catch a glimpse of
you and Reid in all your glory.
Can you stop? I'm trying
to find the right time.
There is no right time
to break up with someone.
Look. you can keep justifying this all
you want. but I can't anymore. Sorry.
Lucas...
What the hell? You don't
return my calls. texts.
The sheriff came to
my house last night
- asking about a blue F-250.
- Shh.
No. no shh. I'm tired of
you and your damn secrets.
Me. I... I love a good secret.
Fill me in. boys.
Oh. I am... I'm... I...
Tipped the announcer
Lauren was here.
Yeah. he wanted to surprise her.
- Yeah.
- A little shout-out to the alumni queen.
Best let you get
back to it. then.
- Thank you. sir.
- Yes. sir. thank you.
Hey. boys. one more thing.
Y'all remember where you were
the night of Randall's accident?
I was at home.
I was with Lauren. sir.
Why?
No reason.
Enjoy the rodeo. you hear?
Yes. sir. you too.
- See you soon.
- You too.
I told you then. and I'll tell you
now. The truth's gonna come out.
- We can't talk here. We can't talk here.
- We need to...
Come on.
Johnny Walker Black. neat.
Yeah. I got you. Mr. Fuller.
Allow me.
Aren't you a little past your
prime to be playing honey pot?
Aren't you a little long in the
tooth to be keeping up a ranch?
Look. Cap.
If there's something both
our families understand.
it's... it's losing
someone before their time.
More charming by the minute.
I'm just saying. take
emotion out of the equation.
We gotta think about the
people who are still with us.
Assisted living. that can't be
cheap. What if you had to join her?
Are you ready for that?
Financially. you
gotta be smart...
You're wasting your
time. Paula Jo.
Unlike your ex. real ranchers don't
roll over easy. Isn't that right. Cap?
Damn straight.
- I'm bored.
- Mm-hmm.
Councilman Boone! Just
the man I was looking for.
If it isn't the ex-Mrs.
Collins. How the hell are you?
- Better now that you're here.
- Mm.
Let's chat.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
- He knows about the truck.
- There's nothing tying us to that.
Dude. he came to my house!
What did you hear?
Nothing. sorry.
That's just
fantastic. Fantastic.
- Relax. we're fine.
- How long was he there?
He didn't hear shit. okay?
Thank you.
Just tell me.
Is there still something
between you and Paula Jo?
Look.
I won't lie. we have fallen into
old habits from time to time.
But that ended before you and me.
That's how it's gonna stay.
You sure? 'Cause she still walks
through your house like she owns it.
Yeah.
I just need to know you're in this and
I'm not making some kind of fool out of...
No.
You think he deserves a
little money? Let's make a little noise.
Yee-hoo!
What a
ride for Yancy Grey.
As our saddle bronc
portion comes to a close.
Grey now finds himself
neck and neck with Hooper.
Pretty slick out there. son.
- You're not supposed to be back here.
- I've been watching the odds.
Turns out you are so damn good.
you're favored to
take All-Around.
But if I bet against you. well.
we take home a lot more than 20.
You want me to throw it?
You want you to throw it.
No chance. That wasn't the deal.
Hmm. Well...
See. there's a new deal. amigo.
Six seconds. you get
bucked off that bull.
And if you don't. well...
...it won't just be some
cattle that goes missing.
I think you know who
I'm talking about.
You better cool your
jets. superstar.
Six seconds. you go down.
Got it?
Yeah.
Good man.
There we go.
You got this. I believe in you.
You know...
before she died.
Amalah made me promise
to find one thing to be
happy about every day.
And of course I said yes. but...
without her...
Then there's this moment
at Randall's birthday party
where I saw you across the room.
and you turned. and you...
you looked at me.
And I felt it.
I just let myself see you.
- Why couldn't you just say that?
- I know. I...
After Randall...
I just disappeared.
And I pushed you away.
You were broken.
I am broken.
But if someday I'm not...
it'll be because of you.
♪ I'm following the lead
Of the setting sun ♪
Don't be with him.
What?
Be with me.
Staten...
It's too late.
It's not too late.
Goddamn it.
It's too late.
It's... It's not...
♪ I wanna go home ♪
♪ Back where I came from ♪
You've been cheering
for the cowboys all night.
How about we give it
up for the cowgirls?
Man. are these riders fast!
Making that cloverleaf pattern
one right and two left.
The louder you get.
the faster they go.
There you are. Hey. listen.
I've been thinking. and...
- Babe. can this wait?
- No. this is important.
- Just give me one second.
- Reid. please!
Look. I...
I really am sorry. but. um...
I just think us getting
back together was a mistake.
What?
I'm really sorry.
I am.
Is this because of Lucas?
Yeah. Uh...
Yeah. it is.
Wait. what are you...
- Hey. man.
- Hey.
Jesus! Oh my God!
Are you okay?
What is the matter with you?
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Yancy Grey
looking good tonight.
He's gonna need 90
points in his bull ride
to edge Hooper out of
that All-Around title.
No easy feat. but if he can pull
it off. he'll walk away a champion.
It all comes down to this.
Yancy Grey and an adversary
that needs no introduction.
Thor!
Careful.
Come on. come on. come on.
Four seconds.
Five.
Let go. you son of a bitch.
Six seconds!
Whoo!
He's up!
With 92 points and $20.000!
Ladies and gentlemen. your
All-Around roughstock rodeo champion.
Yancy Grey!
- I didn't order that.
- I did.
Mind if I join?
Oh man.
Good job. amigo.
Nice ride.
Thank you.
Hell of a ride.
- Thank you.
- See ya down the road.
Yeah.
Man.
- Thank you. guys. Yeah.
- You good for it?
So now you owe me 40K.
That was a real dumb move. son.
We found our guy.
We had a deal. Yance.
Why'd you screw this
one up too. huh?
Cat got your tongue. buddy?
Wait. what the hell?
- This your cow salesman. Cap?
- Yeah. that's the guy.
- He had a buddy with him.
- We'll find the buddy.
Cap. I can explain those guys.
The only thing you
need to explain to me
is where in the hell you
learned to ride like that. Hmm?
You're making me proud. kid.
These. uh. badges. they want me
to go down and make a statement.
So I'll see you at home?
- See you at home.
- Yeah.
- You okay?
- Better now.
♪ Playin' with fire ♪
Grey. I need to talk to you.
I'll see you around. champ.
Get this asshole to the station.
I'm coming for you.
buddy.
♪ But the truth is
not behind my eyes ♪
♪ It's in your hands ♪
- You got a problem?
- You're the one with the problem.
You fell for a con man.
- Oh. I think I know who Yancy is.
- Hell...
You don't even
know his real name.
♪ Yeah. we're
playin' with fire ♪
♪ Playin' with fire ♪
♪ With fire ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today